okay I think we're live here
um
hi we've got some stuff to do this
morning this is going to be pretty
clumsy work
overall
um Let me let me say what I'm trying to
do do actually
so I've got all this data from w at Le
preliminary uh data from
runs it's not going to be a huge amount
that I need for most of my
visualizations um and I'm just thinking
of like a cool way to
share analysis results and do stuff
pretty quickly
there you you know I'd like to be able
to put some of these plots just on the
website and because we've got this stuff
on W B they're kind of a mess they're
really
slow so I'm trying to think how we can
do
that is somewhat irritating because like
the Neptune dashboards kind of just
solve this I
guess H not really because they're Point
limited as well
yeah the thing is I don't want to use WB
reports for this I really
don't like WB is not a blogging platform
um and it's kind of janky as
well so I guess I'm just going to try
something I'm not going to think too
much about this I'm just going to see
how hard it is to just like put some
basic plots on the site and see if I
hate the clunkiness that comes with
that
um rare instance where I'm going to be
chat GPT and stuff because I do not want
to know what I'm doing
here
see yeah something like this is fine so
let me grab this to start
with that folder skate
oh right I actually do need to go to
puffer
AI okay so we have blog
um I want to just add this to like as a
header on my
page I could straight up add this to the
blog I don't know if the page will be
slow if I do that
maybe it's better to just put it all on
the
blog I mean if this gets um clunky and
slow I'm just not going to do it anyways
right
um some reason that doesn't sit right
with me and I'm trying to
think I think it's because I there
probably I probably have to do some page
optimizations to this if I want it to be
one page like that
also I kind of want to just have like a
science okay let's just not think too
hard about this for now um yeah let's
really just not think too
hard uh about this too
early okay let's do
blog
science
malis data I [__] know
something dat is short
okay uh do I have a short page I can
just copy yeah let me just copy the
product
page
okay get rid of all of this
let's see what we got here uh title
it's here
got
this
e e
now let's
see uh we're not doing this in
line uh move
yeah we're not doing inline
entire
no actually
hate JavaScript so much I don't even
hate JavaScript I hate
like the way that it's integrated into
HTML it's why I've like avoided doing
anything to do with web for so so so
many
years okay let's
see do
let's see if uh I can get my WB data
exported
now cuz I made one of these for Neptune
uh nobody told me that I'm okay yep
nobody told me that my camera was on the
wrong scene the whole time I guess I
wouldn't have seen it because uh
actually yeah I missed that can an
environment have multiple stochastic
actions yes yes it can um we have
support for multi- discreet
my bad I've been on this God
damn I was literally looking at my
camera the whole time as
well I know what it is with me like
sometimes like I'm on and I'm like laser
focused on stuff and sometimes I'm just
kind of
Dopey all right real stream Starts Now
what I'm
doing uh I
currently I'm going to add a page to
this for data analysis and that I want
what I want to get done today is I want
to basically have the start of all our
new experimental results so I ran a
thousand experiments on Palm uh over the
last couple of days and I want to start
getting experimental analysis onto the
website so we're not locked into WB or
locked into whatever I can kind of just
export data however I like
um yeah we're going to start with
that cool
um I'm just going to what I'm going to
do is I'm just going to take
this yeah we can just be lazy with this
a little bit to start with cuz I don't
even know how much of this we're keeping
so I'm going to be lazy and then I'll
whatever slop chat GPT gives me I will
fix after
well like let's see if this works
so if you watch any of the streams
you'll notice that I very very rarely
let GPT do any substantial amount of
work like this um hold
on yeah you'll notice I very rarely let
gp2 do any substantial amount of work uh
the reason it is different in this case
is this is an unfamiliar domain where
I'm kind of just playing around and uh I
will build something good once I
actually have some idea of what it is
I'm even trying to do here and whether
this is a feasible thing to do in the
first place I mean ultimately like the
simplest thing would just be to like
click around and use the WB reports I
think those are going to be really
obnoxiously laggy and have like a bunch
of bloat to them and also then people
are stuck to wand to be and there a
bunch of other issues I just want to see
basically how easy it it would be to get
something better onto my website
ideally I'd be able to post these
directly on X but you can't do
that maybe I'll like take the time to
compile a a report at some point for X
but we'll
see so one b
okay so we got project and
group believe it
is yeah popper lib
sweep ID
[Music]
okay sweep
data let's see if this does
anything what in the
hell what
what is it
doing if this is going to hold
on is this downloading one run at a
time you've got to be kidding me
I I honestly don't even know is that
oh yeah so here's somebody doing the
same
thing red pool to download runs that is
disgusting let me go check on the uh
I launched a poll
yesterday I want to see what the final
results were because I need to know how
attached people are are to their w
b
so third of my users want to keep W to
be 2/3
it's just so obnoxious how their data is
what the hell are you kidding me this is
what they
do I mean like the data download
alone dashboards are
open source or communist is uh that's a
take that's a take
let me go use my Neptune data for now I
guess because this is going to take
forever and I will think about I'll
think about Wan versus Neptune
separately it shouldn't affect
this is why I'm doing this is so that
I'm not tied to this so yeah this is
actually a great
example we can just have multiple
scripts doesn't matter um
let's go check the Neptune
page oh right wrong
browser okay
so I actually really like this thing
hold
on like this
and then you go to
groups you enable
[Music]
everything and then you go to
dashboards you get your
metrix go to the big the main dashboard
which is right
here and okay now you have your Matrix
cool so I don't know why it's limited to
200 points that's
ridiculous uh they clearly have these
stupid animations instead of having you
know stuff
load let me see how if I can get this to
work though so
this will actually be
better it's a run ID
okay let's try
this let me make sure it's not messing
up my script I hate trat GPT so much
yeah okay it's basic as hell this is all
yeah table step table key
scores yeah I think this is fine we'll
just take this
and CSV is going to
be
CSV I need to get my API key I guess
which is
if one of you wants to steal my API
token for freaking free Neptune go right
ahead
step I think this is just GPT being
stupid let me say
overview agent steps
let me figure out what the freaking key
is
wait zip table of
Step oh it's just GPT is stupid uh why
do I ever use it literally why do I ever
do that like
God that is
stupid uh table key and
scores table of key
that correlate
yeah there we go I don't know why it's
like this that's
crazy output data.
append I think we're going to do this is
BAS on then
right
CSP for
yeah let's see if this works
oops I'm going to actually open up a
second ter for this so I can test a
little
easier I think that this will be useful
regardless because even even if um
coding like a demon no man this is
coding like an idiot this is like me
doing [__] that I literally never
do I probably used pandas like a single
digit number of times ever which you're
like how is that possible you work in AI
well all of my data is generated from
environments so it's all in memory data
so you never need
pandas um but what we are trying to do
at the moment oops stupid API token um
what we're trying to do at the moment is
just get all of our data out of wande or
Neptune or whatever it's going to be and
onto my website so that we can actually
start like doing some analysis and
reports and not be tied down to all
these shitty
platforms that's what we're going to do
you're free to steal my API token if I
want if you want it's a free naptune
account um
but let's see it's
good okay so
50 how does Json work uh I thought you
could do
that Jason unless you do dictionaries
doesn't it am I stupid
what I
do oh so first of all this has got to
be this
okay whatever the heck they just did
here is wrong um
yeah this doesn't make any
sense come on this is not
[Music]
hard two numai
is there two
list oh
perfect there we go well that seems to
work now
uh this did not quite work as wanted hey
welcome can I point yeah I can point to
users
welcome okay so why did it just save
means is not what I wanted to
do output
data oh because I this the wrong thing
completely sure let's see what this
does for
KB I don't like this indent
thing but whatever we'll keep this for
now I mean really all I wanted to do is
Jon Let's get this on
to. AI
do
okay so
now sweep Json
right data contains steps accuracy and
loss let me see if GPT will just do this
because stupid
J on Di
let's see
so actually this is not
bad I kind of like this uh this little
piece right here let me do
this we get
UTF this here
Ral
data for Scatter Plots and I put this up
here this will be plots
it get
stuck uh no I guess that's all of it
so uh obviously I didn't get my header
here
but what
happened well not
found for
where did it
go I have no idea where it just
went
bizarre okay
that just
work huh that actually does just work
cool uh okay let's get my header loaded
into
this be honest I did not expect that to
work
there we
go style
CSS l
um main classes
content that styles
there we go
cool
okay we will try this
and then they just update yeah you
update
this no idea I'm going to be going to be
honest do not like web stuff and the
goal is to keep this website stuff very
simple so I don't have the opportunity
to make a uh a mess of it
uh we're not trying to do something
crazy fancy
here just want something basic that
actually
works lovely this does not seem to
work Ah that's it
okay ah there we go lovely so now we
have our
plots with height
so the thing that I hate about about
this right is like almost certainly this
is making stuff way more complicated
than it needs to be and adding a bunch
of garbage um because it just it tends
to do that
um but for a
quick I mean for just a quick test to
see if this is even viable it's fine and
then I will have to come back and see if
I can clean stuff
up okay let's see if this at least does
something for us so
uh does not seem like
it let me just make
sure yeah know that did not freaking
help so if you continue to like try to
get to fix stuff then it will just
continue to make your life more
obnoxious so we're going to leave it
like that for
now um
what
okay this is fine
this should work at a box let's
see Okay cool so this does some nonsense
right we'll just have to
do there's no line color I don't know
what this is on about
plot background
color e
I'm confused
why oh it should just be
marker okay there we
go and then font size it didn't give me
a
parameter e
it's this all gets changed a bit
right e
I can just copy these
then for
it's
better can
still a little
better go
now what if I just make these maps in
the
background it's almost a little too
much e
ah look at
this change the font
it's literally just opacity
okay so actually that was not that bad
just to get some
plots that's kind of decent
actually and we have the full like
interactive yeah we got like like the
full nice interactive setup here perfect
you can like look at all these
individual points you can like
[Music]
Zoom apparently you should be able to
zoom whatever
though I don't actually know what any of
this stuff does oh you can zoom in
though you can zoom
out reset cool so we have some
plots this should still work
because just pass a default in
there we go
let's see what other stuff we want to
uh we'd like to add here burito
fronts
maybe this is a good little test to
start with though
this seems pretty
viable to just load in a bunch of plots
like
this let me see what we're losing and
like what the comparison would
be
so like in puffer uh in puffer lib sweep
here on
like we can add stuff like
this we basically we get these graphs
that are pretty laggy
and well they they're not lagging now
oddly
enough yeah there we
go and we can change out parameters and
stuff I like these Paro fronts so we'll
probably do
that this one doesn't really help us
that much even though it looks cool
and then these correlations are pretty
easy to add as
well and I think we'll probably do
something better than that as
well and then by comparison what do we
get on uh on
Neptune we get basically the same thing
on Neptune
right I think they just add like a a rim
to their markers is that why their
markers look
better why their markers look better
than
mine e
so that's just freaking wrong is what
that
is
yeah e
oh no it is
right my
bad there we
go there we go that looks decent to me
for some basic
plots did the one be thing ever finish
save
as okay so this just downloaded massive
amounts of data for
everything [__]
yeah
okay so I guess I will just play around
with WB versus
um versus Neptune and
such but I think regardless if I can
just get the plots onto the website
that'll be pretty
nice for
okay so that should actually give us
some plots on the website
uh and then we can figure out where to
go from here with
this let me actually ask
him if uh
where is
this
e e
see if they Chang that
okay
um so I will actually be looking back
into Neptune now realizing that the
download situation is such a pain by
comparison makes sense and also the fact
that the pull reversed it was originally
like 2/3 WB and then it went to 2/3 like
do whatever so I will consider that I'm
not going to lock that in or anything
just yet um I want to do a little bit of
analysis on stuff build up some tools I
do a bit little bit of thinking I'm
going to do a couple quick things I just
I'll be back in like I don't know 10
minutes
max and uh get myself a new coffee I'm
going to think about how we're going to
do some of this analysis and uh how
we're going to have these runs working
in general I will be right
back
e
e e
whoops hold
on there we
go back here is there a way to continue
training old model yeah there should be
um there's a what's wrong with my
camera it's all blurry there should be a
resume
flag uh in Puffer
to be fair all the environments trained
so fast that you hardly need it but it
should be
there
um okay I'm trying to think what I want
to do with this
so definitely want to look at the WB
data because I have more runs here
how good of a picture does this give me
of stuff
like let me see what the metrics
are why is this
not something's wrong they should have
gone to the
oh I see it never did um okay hold on a
second
your camera needs to focus yeah I don't
know what the hell's wrong with this
thing hold
on
um I can try to mess with
this Auto exposure no
Focus the focus slider does not do
anything right
now which is very obnoxious what if I
just
what if I just unplug it and replug
it to be fair this camera kind of sucks
I might have to just get a better one I
don't know what's ever wrong with this
it always disconnects randomly as well
yeah I can tell it
sucks man there's so many things wrong
with this stupid setup
like the ethernet also sometimes every
so often will just disconnect and not
come back on until I reboot it I have no
idea it's just an unsolved auntu problem
apparently
yeah none of these settings actually
seem to change anything like I can slide
the uh the
focus I can slide the focus wherever I
want and it like nothing
changes so annoying
is wrong with my credential cat
see now it
works
noxious okay so that works
um let's see so
you do get some nice properties out of
this it looks
like you know you see the gamma
correlation
here you see your learn rate curve
but these are not log scaled
either so you should have to log scale
some of these I would
imagine we'd like there to be some
automated meth on this as well
I guess like what we're going to want is
we're going to get like the correlation
between parameters and
stuff cross
core probably stability analysis as well
yeah that would be
good e
yeah I think what I'm going to
do this is annoying because I was all
ready to go with uh with Wan
B may my camera's just messed
up um I was all ready to like just stick
with w b
but they just make it a real pain to get
your
data so I guess I start doing some
analysis on the Neptune
ones and see what I can add from that
yeah they reply
ah that would be
good okay I think what I'm going to do
is I'm going to start just using the
Neptune data I'm going
to uh I'll download it
locally
and I'll just start making that script
actually a legitimate tool for
understanding what's going wrong with
your
runs uh I'll restore the Neptune
functionality that I got rid
of and yeah I'll probably make some
changes to various things the only thing
that's going to be really obnoxious
is I think this does require me to do a
uh a
substantial pretty substantial update to
some of the carbs code to make it work
with this but I think that's probably
fine it's just slightly annoying
like there's a lot of stuff you end up
having to reimplement but I don't know
what to do about it otherwise like the
WB download apis is really
bad and that's going to be like
increasingly very important for us as we
do all these experiments is we're going
to need to do local analysis we're not
just going to be clicking around in
dashboards
right so like we're going to want
automated metrics we're really we're
going to want stuff that we look at like
2,000 runs and tell you what exactly is
happening
yeah okay um I'm going to go grab myself
one more cup of coffee I'm like really
tired today I don't know uh and then
what we're going to do is we're going to
mess with this download
script
uh where is
this yeah we'll mess with this download
script manually we'll stop using GPT on
garbage and uh we'll see what we can do
from there I will be right
back
e
e e
okay I figured out what we're going to
do I figured out what we're going to
do
um instead of just recording correlation
like this we're going to get the
what we're going to do is we're going to
try to get a matrix with all the
different dependencies between all these
variables this is where I expose my
complete garbage Stacks
background it's been so
long let me make I just want to make
sure I don't do this wrong um
the standard
deviations okay but
like that's not what I I want to do
exactly yeah because
the I want to figure out the
impact on a third variable
fine I'm like positive this is just some
basic stats thing
um
what we are doing at the moment is we're
starting the science side of
puffer uh does this live now yeah okay
so this is on puffer doai I just got
some of these plots onto here uh so what
we're going to do is we're going to
build some tooling that is going to let
us get data from thousands of RL
experiments and uh do analysis on those
and then upload results easily onto the
website so we can share stuff in like a
nice report and I can put you know text
and stuff on the
analysis um that is what we're doing at
the moment so here's just like a few
hundred runs from
pong that I happen to have
done and we're going to get a lot more
sophisticated than this very quickly but
I have not done any stats in a very very
long time so I am currently typing
utterly stupid questions into GPT to
make sure I don't get stuff wrong um
um for
Mutual information
okay
um is this actually what I
want is this not like a simple stats
measurement e
okay so how do you actually compute
this is this something that you can
compute and close form hold on this is
KL
of x X
Y outer product
distribution but this still isn't it
because yeah this still is not
it how the hell do you do this um
sh I guess what I'm just looking for is
if
well hang on they can't be mutually
independent
right because basically if any of these
values
has
e
e e
is it Mutual information is this what it
is
random Forest I've seen that
done is this actually what it tells you
though
rank the strength of
interactions I don't want to compute
three quantities like
that I do not want to compute three
quantities like
that e
I'm trying to think if there's actually
if there's a technique I know for this
it's not just straight
correlation um
I don't think it's random Forest either
deduction across all trees I don't think
that that actually tells you very much
does
it permutation
importance I don't think this gives it
to you so like here right here you get
this parameter importance
thing which is
random
Forest I also don't understand this
correlation
here this correlation doesn't make sense
because it's not these are all variables
that have like good ranges right like
here let's look at this
gamma you'll be able to see it
you should be able to see
it like if you were to go over this
right if you just set this thing to one
this stops
working assuredly yeah look you can see
some of the runs down
here
um why are there so many runs over here
actually there should be log distributed
maybe the sampling is
wrong BPT Horizon being in the
importance chart is very weird
this is still not quite what I want
also I'm realizing that it's not going
to be a normally
distributed normally distributed thing
we could come up with some stats
here hey Spencer uh I'm trying to figure
out some basic analysis uh how I want to
set this up for all these runs so here
are thousand runs of Pawn I also have
some on Neptune as well uh and I got the
Neptune ones onto the website
already so if I go to data here you see
I have these charts now uploaded they're
on the website these are interactive as
well
oops
so you got to start figuring out how I
want to analysis on
this generally I'm trying to figure
out which of these hyper parameters have
particular dependence on each other as
well as stable
ranges I did not rerun each M so far I
just did a bunch of pong stuff we will
be rerunning like thousands of
experiments on each M and then comparing
the stable ranges and stuff once I
figure out how to do
that what if I were to do something like
okay here's an
idea oops
not what if I were to do something like
this train. gamma with
score
okay what if I were to
find for each parameter
the range within which the top 90% of
experiments
fall would that do
anything where the top 10% of
experiments rather
fall making good progress on 3D Puzzle M
can probably start training agent
awesome if you're happy building M then
we're very happy to have you building M
if you want to get on boarded onto side
stuff that's also cool though that'll
take me probably a a bit of time to
figure out how I want to do how I quite
want to do
everything I do have this
data yeah I do need some
time I also have been trying to figure
out this w b vers Neptune thing
um the thing that's obnoxious here is
that Neptune has a faster UI but it also
has dramatically
faster um or dramatically better
download
capabilities e
I could get I could get sensitivity
graphs in a sense
like the top x% of parameters fall in
what
range e
8020 that's actually nice
I guess it's not like percentage of
outcomes
either it's almost like
what for
how to start with reinforcement learning
as a beginner I have
a you read this article actually it's on
PO AI as well so you can read it there
let me link
it reinforcement learning quick start
guide read this and join the
Discord I wrote that specifically for
new people to puffer and new people to
RL
did you explain the graph
yeah so here's well there's this graph
but this graph isn't going to tell you a
ton on its own this tells you here are
all of your gamma values which is one
specific hyper parameter uh it's related
to the effective Horizon of the task so
it's related to like do you care about
rewards one step in the future five
steps or 10 steps or
whatever um and we can see that this is
the score that you get based on
different outcomes and actually I don't
know where my better score went here I
think I cut the graph
off yeah there you go so now you can see
the full graph um but what I'm trying to
do is I'm trying to figure
out you know how I get useful
information out of this you don't want
to have so like the graphs that I have
here these are fine but this is just
this is too much data this is data that
you look at to build intuition this is
not like you know the metric that you
then use to make an assessment of what
to do this is like too much stuff so I'm
trying to figure out
like what metric I would use here um to
tell you like what is the stable range
of gamma or like how much does gamma
matter to training
so basically I'm thinking about a bunch
of stuff at the moment some of which
maps to Stats Concepts that I may or may
not remember and the other like and part
of which I'm sure is just like kind of
new experimental analysis this is kind
of an interesting regime where you have
this much data to be able to do this
type of a thing
wish I knew why my camera was so
blurred the bottom line graph
this this
thing well what this is supposed to
do is this T this kind of shows you well
this is kind of meant to show you what
I'm talking about here which is the
stable region
like if you see like all the oranges
right here in this one region then you
say oh okay this is the good stable
range for this specific
parameter um but the thing is like this
doesn't really help because if you have
this parameter correct but this
parameter is completely wrong then it's
still not going to be a good trial so it
doesn't take into account the
correlation across different variables
so this is not really a particularly
useful
are you open for stupid questions work
as full staff webd only did once yeah
that's totally we have we have people
who are literally new programmers who
are getting into RL they have to work
more in order to like you know really
get a hold of this stuff but uh there
are a lot of new people in the puffer
Discord as
well also if you watch me doing any webd
I guarantee you that it will be
painfully painfully stupid
okay so this plot isn't good
because yeah so you're not going to ever
have a plot where all the values in this
specific range are good because the
other hyper prams can be wrong but if
you look at it like this right yeah
you're going to have a lot of failures
even here but you can clearly see this
this is the good
range so
you don't just take the best run though
right that doesn't tell you
anything you want to
know the sensitivity of this specific
parameter
okay let's assume that I'm going to have
way more runs than this that are
actually successful because this is the
other thing that is confusing me at the
moment is I only have a few good
points um the reason for that is bad
sampling like if it's sampling half of
the runs from over here half the runs
are immediately dead and then this
happens like all over the place so this
is very bad um so let's assume that I
have a ton of runs around
here then
I think it would just
be range of runs above threshold
right you specify a
threshold like 19 or whatever and then
you just see what runs are above that
thle
okay that actually could be
something let's try something like that
so first of all I want this to cash
[Music]
um for
you can
also save to
Json e
that's nice okay so that should cash for
us now
oops actually what you need to do
is this actually goes up here
there okay so now it should be refreshed
yep there we go so now it's Ultra
fast so these
correlations on their own are not going
to help me to much I don't think
is this
um stuff's not normally
distributed Mutual information is
it could you use RL model to find the
hyper
parameters um
not so the problem with that is RL is
not particularly sample efficient and
each experiment is a trial like each
point is a whole
experiment I'm just going to order a new
camera after this because this is
ridiculous
um let's start with here let's start
with one thing I want to let's start
with one thing I know that is going to
be
important uh we'll just do domains
let me figure out how we do
this a threshold
uh I actually don't know pandas at all
let me
uh X pH and Y
and get the
perfect this is
four let's see what this gives us
nice
runs then let's
do
domains
for e
okay let's see what this does for us
okay that kind of does something for us
right if we just
take if we just take basic stats but
only overruns above a certain
threshold then that gives
us that should give us sensitivity
right e
I'm trying to think how this could mess
up I guess it depends on the threshold
that we
use oops
oh
maybe the output is not a graph it's a
table right like the graphs are cool for
analysis we could do
both you know we could do both
imagine we have like for a bunch of
different environments right we get you
can get a table that tells you know
we've done like 10,000 trials or
whatever or you know it depends on the
algorithm we have maybe we only need a
few thousand trials and then we get the
optimal hyperparameter values but also
their sensitivities the ranges in which
they're stable
[Applause]
yeah I like
this I like this so far okay let's let's
uh make some small changes here
though because this metric
for
e e
mean standard deviation
in Max me aren't the hyper parameter
performances really dependent on all the
other yes so that is why what I'm doing
here
Tim um and I'm still fiddling around
with what stats I want to use but my
idea is what if we just take we take all
the runs above a certain threshold so
like here let's say that we take like
these runs right um and
oops we take the good runs and then we
take stats over the good runs so we can
see that like hey if you want a run
that's at least 10 score your gamma
should be in this range but then for
other ones of these
right if we do like train learning
rate okay and if you want over 10 you
know the range is here
these are the runs above 10 so I'm
trying to figure out if we can use this
to compute stable hyper parameter
regions um that doesn't mean that any
run that you have that has this specific
hyper parameter will be good it means
that basically if you're outside of this
range it's almost certainly going to be
bad and we can establish that with a
pretty high degree of confidence if we
have enough trials
all right so let's let's me think about
this so if we
have good idea found hyperprint speed a
lot of Randomness the average looks
worse there's a ton of Randomness
yes
um we might even have to do something
more sophisticated in this as well
because there might end up just being
weird outliers
we're probably going to also have to
take the uh the distribution of the
space into a account as well at some
point but we'll start with
this do min max mean standard deviation
that's e
okay so we get
the the best hyper Prim value the men
the mean the men the
max
mean and standard deviation that's
pretty
good of the good
runs and what happened over here
H that's just the
summary for
okay so we have 444
runs threshold is 10 three of these are
good obviously this is terrible ratio
but we'll fix
that best is
19 the mean of the good runs is 14 and
then the standard
deviation of the performance is three
two okay and then we have all these
parameters I think literally just this
information
over um if you were to just put this
information nicely in a table for
sufficient trials this would already
give you a very clear
picture because this gives you let's say
that you set it to um like 19.5 cuz pong
is an easy task so you're looking for
you know what parameters Sol can solve
Paul um in like a fixed
budget
then you would be able to find no stable
regions for a lot of these
parameters and that would also let you
know if anything is like ridiculously
fiddly so yeah I like that
it also lets you the key thing here is
it'll if we do this for a bunch of
environments it'll also let us narrow
our search ranges which will make our
hyper parameter sweeps way more
efficient so that's pretty good
[Music]
overall no um
best per
possible no at the moment the primary
goal is to understand why it is that RL
feels so janky in the first place and to
make RL feel way more stable and easy to
use so that requires primarily
understanding um so here let me maybe I
haven't made this
clear let's say that I do I clean up my
hyper pram sweep ranges and stuff so
that we actually get we do 10,000 runs
and um let's say that we get 500 good
runs uh in those
right then what we will be able to do is
we'll be able to compute uh for this
specific environment the effective
ranges of all the hyper parameters so
basically we'll be able to see in what
range you actually have a chance of even
finding something good and then we can
repeat that for a whole bunch of
different environments we can start
understanding stuff like standard
hyperparameter ranges better we can get
a much better empirical bound on those
than uh you know people just randomly
making stuff up in practice and uh we
will also be able to use that to better
inform how we conduct hyper pram sweeps
and also how we look at hyper prams and
their influence on training runs as well
which ones are particularly fiddly you
know which ones don't matter matter that
much which ones we really need to have
in a sweep which ones we can pretty much
always just leave at
default um yeah so this will make a
pretty substantial difference just on
its own and then this will set the stage
for us doing know more
extensive ablation work on models and
algorithms and such
themselves I like this so this is a good
start now the only thing I don't like is
I don't like this
correlation I don't think this is
useful maybe it
is I this is got to be the wrong metric
though right
yeah this has got to be the wrong we
will find
um it should be a sensitivity instead of
this
let's try something
here for
just logo one minus log of the other
uh so I need a better metrick
that's obnoxious
and just
divide yeah just one over that right
duh this be
negative no I can't right
let's see if this captures that what I
think
so entropy
is three
that doesn't
match intuitively
right e
maybe I did have it right before
oh I'm
stupid yeah I know I'm stupid hold on
um it is one
over yeah cuz you can multiply by yeah
yeah okay
so the the most sensitive parameter
is
gamma
sensitivity yeah this is good cuz this
tells you
though I don't think that these ranges
are particularly good because this is a
logic
distribution so I think that you
probably want to rescale these types of
pams
this is good though
okay so I think then what I'm going to
do I have to do uh there's some other
external work I got to do as well
but I think that if I just
like fix back up
Neptune uh get more experiments into
that start on that with a few different
environments and then clean up this
script a bit I think that will be a
pretty good starting point for science
side stuff
like getting exact ranges and
hyperparameter sensitivities because
then what I'm going to be able to
do is I'm going to be able to compare
these
across different
environments and we're going to
see how different these ranges end up
being right we have a ton of different
fast
environments we're going to see and we
can also track this as a function of
like model size and
stuff yeah this will be
good um
yeah this will be good okay uh I think
that covers it for the morning I will be
back in the afternoon with uh probably
continuing and finishing on this stuff
we will see maybe I'll be up to doing uh
some uh some external ation work we'll
see but I really would like to get this
thing at least to a good spot today so I
can start running more experiments in
the background while I work on other
stuff I think that's going to be very
important
um the one thing that is somewhat
annoying with all this is it does kind
of require that I switch stuff over to
Neptune is a little bit more
work because like you just don't get
these dat downloads as easily with w
b you have to have like a whole mess of
stuff just for w
b
um just getting all your data in a nice
table is so
easy I don't know why WB has not done
that to be fair as well like I did give
them
um I did get their hyper FR stuff to a
spot where their sweeps is actually
pretty
useful
um I don't know maybe it's worth just
keeping it and dealing with the
obnoxious data downloads
like that's such an annoying call to
have to
make well the other thing I think is
that I'm pretty sure their API is just
even slower than Neptune's for
experiments like generally their API is
just
slower so that's another Point against
them we'll see but anyways for folks
watching there's going to be a lot of
cool RL experiment stuff going on rather
soon uh if you're new around here you
can go ahead and actually all the links
are just on puffer doai you can start
the repository helps out a ton help us
get to 1.5k by the end of the year en
join the Discord discord.gg puffer and
you can follow me on X for more RL
content I'll be back later this
afternoon hopefully hopefully I'll have
decided on the whole Neptune Thing by
now it's uh